- [Instructor] Now let's call the reservation service
from our app.component.
Let's open up app.component.ts,
and let's add in a method called createReservation.
Let's call the reservationService,
and let's call the createReservation method on that service.
Let's pass in a new instance of ReservationRequest.
Let's pass in the current room number,
the current check in value,
the current check out value,
and the current price.
Now let's subscribe to the observable return by that method
and then process the result with a lambda.
And let's go ahead and print the result to console.log.
And let's make sure to import the reservation request
from reservation.service.
Now let's open up app.component.hmtl.
Let's scroll down to line 97
and let's add in a submit button.
Let's create a div element of the class form-group
and then nest another div element,
passing in the class column offset two and column 10,
which will center the button.
Then let's create a button element of the type submit,
and let's pass in the class as btn,
btn-primary
and btn-large.
Let's update the label to say Reserve Room.
Now let's navigate up to the form element on line 67
and let's add in a ngSubmit event handler,
and call the create reservation method.
Now let's try running ng serve.
Let's take a look at some of these errors in app.component.
Looks like we were missing a comma
after current check in value.
Let's go ahead and save
and restart.
It looks like on line 60, we had an unneeded semicolon.
Let navigate to local host at 4200,
open up a inspect window,
go to the console tab,
and let's create a reservation.
Our connection was refused
because our service is not currently running.
Let's open up IntelliJ,
right click on the ReactivespringApplication class,
and click run.
Okay, let's clear out the console and try again.
So it looks like we created a reservation successfully.
Let's grab the ID, and open up Postman,
and let's try to get that reservation by ID.
Great, we are able to retrieve the reservation
that was successfully created in our MongoDB instance.